---
type: richVideo
title: "Perfume (s04e29)"
mediaLink: "https://archive.org/download/peppa-pig-all-episodes/s04e29-perfume.mp4"
peaksLink: "https://archive.org/download/peppa-pig-all-episodes/s04e29-perfume.json"
---

Peppa and George are visiting Granny and Grandpa's house. Peppa is watching Granny Pig at her dressing table. You smell nice, Granny. Thank you, Peppa. It's my perfume de lavender. It smells like your garden. That's because perfume is made of flowers. Hm. Granny, I've got a very good idea. -Really? -Yes. First I need some water. -Here's your water. -Right. Now I'm going to put flowers in it and make perfume. That's nice, dear, but only pick flowers from the grass -not from the flowerbed. Okay? -Okay. Hello, flowers. Who wants to be in my perfume? I'm going to put you in my beaker of water. Hello, butterfly. I'm making perfume. It's going to be the prettiest, smelliest perfume ever. Lovely. NARRATOR: Here is George. Stand back, George. I'm making perfume. -Do you want to watch? - First, I pick a smelly flower. Very flowery. Then I put it in my beaker. No, George. You can't put grass in my perfume. It needs to smell of flowers. -Smell. - Yuck. NARRATOR: George does not like smelly flowers. Grandpa Pig is in his herb garden. Grandpa, Grandpa. -Smell this. - Pooey. It smells like pond water. It's my special perfume. I made it with flowers from the garden. Oh, yes. It's the most beautiful perfume in the world. -Yes. -Do you like it, George? -No. -George doesn't like the smell of flowers. Take this bucket, George. You can make perfume out of something else. I have got lots of lovely smelly things in my herb garden. This is rosemary. I like to use it in my cooking. Hmm. It smells interesting. This is mint. Ooh, that smells very minty. Yeuch. And this is lavender. Ooh, that smells like Granny Pig's perfume. Wow. That's a strong smell of lavender. Ah, Granny Pig, -you smell nice. -Thank you, Grandpa Pig. Granny, Granny, smell this. What is it? It's my perfume. Oh, yes, it's lovely. Has George made some perfume too? No, Granny. He doesn't like the smell of anything. There must be something you like the smell of. NARRATOR: George has found a muddy puddle. Hee, hee, hee! Ah, George. What have you got there? Have you made some perfume? Actually, that smells quite nice. It smells lovely. I say. That is delightful. -What did you put in it, George? - George's perfume is made out of muddy puddle. Aaahh!
Perfume de muddy puddle.
Whee!
Granny Pig, you smell even nicer than you did before.
Yes. You should use perfume de muddy puddle more often.
